All M-files are copyrighted, 1994-97, by C. Sidney Burrus, James H.
McClellan, Alan V. Oppenheim, Thomas W. Parks, Ronald W. Schafer, and Hans W.
Schussler.

These M-files are User Contributed Routines that have been contributed
to The MathWorks, Inc.  They are being redistributed by The MathWorks,
upon request, on an "as is" basis.  A User Contributed Routine is not
a product of The MathWorks and The MathWorks assumes no responsibility
for any errors that may exist in the toolbox.

The M-files are for use with the textbook "Computer-Based Exercises
for Signal Processing Using MATLAB" published by Prentice-Hall, 1994
and its updated version, which will appear later in 1997.
A listing of the help lines from each file appears in the Appendix of
the book, as well as a description of the data files.  You are free to
modify any of the files, provided that you acknowledge the source in
any publication and do not sell the modified file.

Functions:
The M-files are compatible with MATLAB Version 5 and the Signal
Processing Toolbox v4.  They are contained in the directory "Functions".
Some of the M-files do not work correctly with older MATLAB versions 4.x
and 3.x; especially, those that create plots.  Adapted versions of those
functions can be found in separate directories called "Func-v4" and
"Func-v3",respectively.  Furthermore, MATLAB version 3.x lacks some
important functions, which are also provided in the directory "Func-v3".
Some of the function names used in the first edition of the textbook
"Computer-Based Exercises for Signal Processing Using MATLAB" conflict
with function names of MATLAB version 4.x and higher.  The following
functions were renamed and can also be found in the directories
"Func-v4" and "Functions":

         OLD             NEW
    ---------------------------------
        chirp.m     |   lchirp.m
        chop.m      |   chopfile.m
        fplot.m     |   fmagplot.m
        zplane.m    |   zzplane.m

Newer versions of the Signal Processing Toolbox contain the functions
chirp and zplane with similar but more flexible functionality than the
corresponding functions provided in this toolbox.  However, their syntax is
slightly different.  To use them correctly see the MATLAB help files.
  This file distribution contains the new function gluedata.m, which
makes it easy to work with the chopped-up speech data files for different
student versions of MATLAB.  See help gluedata for details.

Installation:
If you are using MATLAB version 5, then use only the directory called
"Functions."  For  MATLAB version 3.x or 4.x, copy the contents of the
directory "Func-v3" or "Func-v4", into the directory "Functions",
respectively.  Answer all questions about replacing files with a YES.
The directory "Functions" will then contain a version of the
toolbox that runs properly under your version of MATLAB.

Data:
The data files included are .MAT files. They may be distributed,
provided that you acknowledge the source in any publication and do not
sell the data file, or a modification thereof.


As this software is being distributed free of charge, neither the
authors nor The MathWorks are prepared to offer general technical
support.  Students who have any questions or difficulties using this
software, or require additional functions from the Signal Processing
Toolbox should contact their professor.  Instructors or professional
engineers should send any errors they find via e-mail to:

                                         jim.mcclellan@ee.gatech.edu





